astrocloud cli 1.5.0 (#639)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli-release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

## v1.5.0

Release date: April 28, 2022

### New Command to Update Deployment Environment Variables

> A new `astrocloud deployment variable update` command allows you to more easily update Deployment Environment Variables by typing them directly into your command line or adding them to a `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new `astrocloud deployment variable update` command allows you to more easily update environment variables by typing them directly into your command line or adding them to a `.env` file.
```

> With `astrocloud deployment variable update` users can now update Deployment Environment Variables with the CLI either from the command line or an env file.
> 
> This command replaces the —update flag functionality used in the `astrocloud deployment variable create` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new `astrocloud deployment variable update` command allows you to more easily update Deployment Environment Variables by typing them directly into your command line or adding them to a `.env` file.

This command replaces the `—update` flag that was previously released as part of the `astrocloud deployment variable create` command.
```

> This command replaces the `—update` flag that was previously released as part of the `astrocloud deployment variable create` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command replaces the `—update` flag that was previously released with the `astrocloud deployment variable create` command. For more information, see the [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-variable-create.md).
```

### Additional Improvements

> - Users can now specify which workspace the wish to switch to with `astrocloud workspace switch <workspace-id>`
> - User now only need to provide `astrocloud auth login` command an email the first time they login
> - Commands `astrocloud deploy` and `astrocloud dev start` will now tell users when new runtime versions are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you run `astrocloud workspace switch`, you can now specify a `<workspace-id>` as part of the command and avoid the prompt to manually select a Workspace
- You now need to provide an email address only the first time you run `astrocloud auth login`. After you run that command once successfully, the Astro CLI will cache your email address in your `config.yaml` file and not prompt you to enter it again
- The `astrocloud deploy` and `astrocloud dev start` commands will now inform you if there is a new version of Astro Runtime available
```

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue were the command `astrocloud deployment variable create —load` would break if the specified .env file had a comment in it
> - Fixed an issue were Deployment API Keys would break if used locally by some users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue were the `astrocloud deployment variable create —load` command would fail if the specified `.env` file had a comment (e.g. `#  <comment>`) in it
- Fixed an issue were Deployment API Keys would not work locally for some users
```
